LS-3379: add documentation for alerts private beta (#736)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/observability/how_to_guides/alerts_pagerduty.mdx

# Configuring PagerDuty Integration for LangSmith Alerts

:::tip Private Beta

> This is associated with the LangSmith Alerts feature which is currently in private beta. If interested, please express interest in the <a href="https://langchaincommunity.slack.com/archives/C079K4ECBN2">\#feature-requests</a> channel in the langchain community slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up an alert to PagerDuty using the [new alerting feature](/observability/how_to_guides/alerts) which is currently in private beta. If interested, please express interest in the <a href="https://langchaincommunity.slack.com/archives/C079K4ECBN2">\#feature-requests</a> channel in the langchain community slack.
```

Reviewer: added a link to the alerts config section
